Replace iterators by list in `hs.plot.plot_spectra` which fails with matplotlib 3.10 (#3456)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/3456.bugfix.rst

> Fix bug in :func:`~.api.plot.plot_spectra` when reserving legend handles since matplotlib expect a list and not an iterator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in :func:`~.api.plot.plot_spectra` when reversing legend handles since matplotlib expects a list and not an iterator.
```
